One thing I should probably mention because people forget it,
is that the most important things are done in collaboration with others.
You don't just do it yourself,
and that means your communication skills are essential.
You have to be the kind of person that people are willing to work with.
[inaudible] is not good for you.
Learn how to express your ideas in speaking and in writing,
because your ideas are unimportant till you manage proceeding to convince people,
others, that they're good ideas.
So that's important.
Then you have to learn to listen to others.
For indication is not a one-ways thing.
Be a person people want to collaborate with,
be a person that can express your ideas,
be a person that can listen.
In computing, ensure English has to be pretty good in most cases,
it's not my native language.
So that's one of the things you have to pick up,
if you're in computer science and in software development.